Update functions-reference-python.md (#81547)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-functions/functions-reference-python.md

By default, the Functions runtime collects logs and other telemetry data generated by your functions. This telemetry ends up as traces in Application Insights. Request and dependency telemetry for certain Azure services are also collected by default by [triggers and bindings](functions-triggers-bindings.md#supported-bindings). To collect custom request and custom dependency telemetry outside of bindings, you can use the [OpenCensus Python Extensions](https://github.com/census-ecosystem/opencensus-python-extensions-azure), which sends custom telemetry data to your Application Insights instance. You can find a list of supported extensions at the [OpenCensus repository](https://github.com/census-instrumentation/opencensus-python/tree/master/contrib).

>[!NOTE]

> >To use the OpenCensus Python extensions, you need to enable [Python worker extensions](#python-worker-extensions) in your function app by setting `PYTHON_ENABLE_WORKER_EXTENSIONS` to `1` and `APPLICATIONINSIGHTS_CONNECTION_STRING` to <Applicationinsights connection string from your ApplicationInsights resource>, in your [application settings](functions-how-to-use-azure-function-app-settings.md#settings).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>To use the OpenCensus Python extensions, you need to enable [Python worker extensions](#python-worker-extensions) in your function app by setting `PYTHON_ENABLE_WORKER_EXTENSIONS` to `1`. You also need to switch to using the Application Insights connection string by adding the [`APPLICATIONINSIGHTS_CONNECTION_STRING`](functions-app-settings#applicationinsights_connection_string) setting to your [application settings](functions-how-to-use-azure-function-app-settings.md#settings), if it's not already there.
```
